LANDFALL
Union Navy Ship Carrie Vessel Rio Grande
2.20.5016u
https://i.imgur.com/YjCmFUA.png

It’s another routine day like any other on this mission when it happens. The latest diplomatic summit has been extended again as negotiations remain at an impasse, and Ambassador Bannerjee has requested that Captain Farris join them down on the planet to give a speech or two and meet with some of the delegates in the hopes that a new face and fresh perspective might help shift some attitudes. She’s been down there for several days now, and the XO, 1st Lt. Kim, has command. 

This routine is suddenly upended as a shipwide alarm interrupts whatever the PCs are in the middle of, and Rio, the shipboard NHP, issues a general announcement:

“All hands to action stations. I repeat, all hands to action stations. This is not a drill. Set condition 1-Azure, ready away ships for debarkation. All marine and pilot elements, report to your assigned flight decks for briefing and assignment.”

The relaxed state aboard the ship dissolves in an instant as everyone stops whatever they're doing and hurries to their stations. In the case of the PCs, this is one of the Rio Grande’s flight decks. Condition 1-Azure, they know from their academy courses, is the call for landing craft to prepare for deployment. 

Whatever’s happening, it isn’t coming from space – it’s on the planet below.

The hangar deck is no less busy, with deckhands hurriedly prepping ships and chassis as marines don armor and move double-time into formation. Speakers crackle and display screens light up with the face of 1st Lt. Kim looking even more serious than usual as he begins to address the assembled troops on the deck.

“As of 1400 hours, we are on combat alert. Several hours ago, we received a transmission from Ambassador Bannerjee that civil defense warnings were being sounded across Nov Elysia. Then all communications with the surface went dark, and we’ve been unable to raise the ambassador, the captain, or anyone within the local government. Based on orbital flyover imagery gathered by Rio, it appears that Nov Elysia is under attack by Vestan Sovereignty forces, with significant deployment of mechanized chassis forces throughout the city.” He waits for a moment to let that news sink in before continuing.

“Cressidium is not officially a member of Union at this point. Militarily, we aren’t authorized to intervene on behalf of the LSA in this conflict, but simply leaving Captain Farris and Ambassador Bannerjee to ride this out on their own is not an option. As such, after conferring with the other officers aboard this ship, it’s been decided that we will be conducting a rescue operation with the primary objective of first locating, then securing the ambassador and the captain, and safely escorting them to an extraction point. Rules of engagement for this operation are that you are not to engage unless fired upon. Our main priority here is to bring our people home.”