REGRET
Evergreen 
2.25.5014u

https://i.imgur.com/bdfEraY.png

The colony's defenses were finally put to the test after weeks of prodding at the edges of the colony borders. What began as a straightforward attack on the south gate quickly devolved into a multipronged attack on essential colony infrastructure. The initial attack served only as a distraction to draw away **CRISIS RED** while their other forces focused on targeting **STABLE REACTOR TOWER 2**. Had they been succesful the colony would have been left in utter darkness with only the backup generators of the **GOVERNOR'S FARM** to provide power to a limited amount of critical infrastructure. Even after putting a stop to the attack on the reactor tower the worst had yet to come...

Whilst it looked like most of their forces were retreating, a small contigent led by an unknown frame returned for revenge. With a reckless disregard for human life, the unknown assailant (now known to us as designation **REGRET**) targeted a section of wall where the defence was stretched thin and burst forward into **EVERGREEN** wrecking havoc on civilian shelters. Thanks to the quick response of **CRISIS RED** there were no civilian casualties.

The fight itself was arduos and closer than anyone would have liked. **REGRET** managed to take out 2 of the team's frames in melee combat. Curiously enough, **REGRET**'s lack of regard for human life was not limited to only the people of **EVEERGREEN** and the **CRISIS TEAM** but also any frame that moved out on the battlefield. An investigation into the remains revealed that **REGRET**'s pilot was under the influence of SECCOM era stims designed to increase reaction times and battle readiness.

It has been several weeks since the attacks. No enemies have been seen near the colony borders. Perhaps this is the quiet before the storm...