# Landmark Colonial CRT Crisis Red // 2.21.5014u
Shortly after arriving at Evergreen, the main settlement of **HERCYNIA**, **CRISIS RED** was tasked with stabilizing the situation surrounding the colony. **PATIENCE**, The local administrator NHP of the colony presented the team with 2 options to that end: Escorting the Chief Engineer to repair the landing bowl or Tracking down a sniper that had been targeting the colony and its inhabitants. The **CRISIS RED** unanimously decided to prioritize tracking down and eliminating the sniper and put an end to his raids on the colony.

# Landmark Colonial CRT Crisis Red // 2.22.5014u
Whilst out on patrol the team received a transmission from **BRAVA HADURA**, the local militia commander, that another patrol had gone missing nearby and to please investigate. After a short while **CRISIS RED** managed to track down the missing patrol only to find they had been ambushed by the same sniper. After **BEAR** was done tending to the wounded and sending them on their way, **CRISIS RED** pushed further into the thick jungle whilst being led by **HALLOUMI**'s tracking skills and **SPEEDBIRD**'s drones. They quickly came upon the sniper's camp and a battle ensued. Shortly after the sniper, MECH designation **VENOM**, and their party were subdued by the team. There were no survivors, but in the remains the evidence of human pilots was clear.

On the way back to **EVERGREEN** the team was given an emergency alert by **PATIENCE**. An unknown force was attacking the edge of the agricultural land of the colony. This section of **EVERGREEN** is coloquially known as the "grey towns" of Liu Maze and Merricktown, small conclaves of non-citizens that make a living trading agricultural goods with EVERGREEN. The uknown force turned out to be a rogue mech with the designation "**THE BROADCAST**" and a small sortie of other **SECCOM** era mechs that had seized control of the farm's COMP/CON unit and subalterns. The team quickly subdued the attackers and rescued the Chau family. A small investigation yielded of the COMP/CON unit found references to a root level user name "**>//BEGGAR_ONE**" and a mysterious broacast signal originating elsewhere on the planet. Shortly after the COMP/CON fried itself and any remaining subalterns on the farm began marching east into the woods.

Exhausted, the team returned to **EVERGREEN** to rest and prepare for whatever else **HERCYNIA** had prepared for them...